Miss
Lord Xiang has led today's cavalry to surround the gold bars
You are bankrupt today
Smart subordinates come to rescue the lady
Wait for me to go out
Let my father take down the love
I'm going to rip this bitch to pieces
Who will be torn to pieces?
How is that possible?
You, you are not me, you are clearly in the emperor's palace
I said you guys are pretty awesome too
He knows everything about me and my father
It's a pity that the magic is one foot high
The knife is one foot high
Brother Qin, what do you want to do?
I'm supposed to feed you, right?
My father doesn't talk or laugh
I didn't expect your Yan family to become another young master
The dog blood is amazing, a couple accompanies me to the Great Xia Dynasty
What a crime
What do you want?
Come on in.
Your rag clothes
How can it be worthy of the beautiful country written by my beloved concubine?
If you want to warp three points
Change my clothes
You have to start
Your Highness
The soldiers have been brought to the hall that day
Okay, let's go, second concubine
Let me take you to meet your father